DATE: 6/8/2022
I got a good blank packman map and am now trying to replace all '&' with 'space'. Over half way
through but I still am going to need to set over 82,000 variables. I am hoping to be able to 
set all of them with the "for" command. I need to figure out a way to put ANCII characters into
cmd without getting strange outputs. 
(Now realizing much later I could have done find and replace -_-)
- NotePro

DATE: 6/9/2022
Finally finished removing all '&'! I learned that I made a mistake while replacing all '&' and
now need to decide how many characters long and wide I want the character (I meant player) to be.
- NotePro

DATE: 6/30/2022
It has been way to long. I decided that I will make the character 27 characters wide and 12
characters tall. (Eventualy I decided to change it to 25 wide 12 tall)
- NotePro

DATE: 7/13/2022
Learned about chcp 65001! ASCII characters finally work! Next up, fixing up the board (again).
- NotePro

DATE: 7/24/2022
I finally added buttons! I messed arround with the code for the colors of the buttons and I got
Some unexpected results. Also worked on the intro animation.
- NotePro

DATE 8/1/2022
I have an idea that hopefully will allow me to make the board all variables. Learned about a
problem with ascii characters in cmd and am hoping to find a way around it (forgot to log this)
- NotePro

DATE 8/2/2022
Learned that there is a limit to tokens in a for loop. Found a way around it that hopefully
will solve all of my problems. Also fixed the board up. The board is now all variables! The
variables take up a little over 1MB. Next step, create a rendering process.
- NotePro

DATE 8/3/2022
I am very hesitant to get started on the next step. I have to make new code in order to 
prevent the variable process from slowing down the entire program. Turns out that having over
82,000 variables creates a lot of stress.
- NotePro

DATE 8/6/2022
I decided to make the view 91x32. Still working on the rendering process. I am thining that I
would rather have code that works and then work on improving efficiency later after I know how
I did it.
- NotePro

DATE 8/9/2022
I have created step 1 of the rendering process by creating a way for my program to search for
variables that it needs. Next step, allign the variables to their correct possitions.
- NotePro

DATE 8/17/2022
Sorry for taking so long to update! Very buisy. Got render process to work. I think you are
able to see the entire board (If you want to wait hours).
- NotePro

DATE 1/13/2023
Side project got me off track but I learned something and I am going to try to apply it to
the render process in order to make it MUCH faster. Rendering has changed from 1 frame per 
30 min to 4 frames a second! Going to try to optimize more.
- NotePro

DATE 5/19/2023
I have been very buisy but I optimised the render process more and I improved the loading 
animation. Right now I am updating the github repository and making Pacmin more like an app.
I am making Pacmin download to c drive and use github for downloading files.
- NotePro

DATE 8/9/2023
I am worried for this project. I want to finnish but my side projects are getting the better
of me. I created a player sprite and worked on the loading animation. There is a player
sprite for every direction. I need to do something about getinput because I need the player
to move even when the user is not pressing a key.
- NotePro

DATE 12/17/2023
Things are going great! Collision is in the process of being implemented. Right now, the 
sprite just jumps positions whenever collision happens which is a little entertaining.
I am going to fix it allong with a few other problems not mentioned...
- NotePro

DATE 12/18/2023
Collision is in place but the board needs to be slightly redone. A third check needs to 
be done for collision as well to prevent the player from being able to walk into walls.
- NotePro

DATE 12/20/2023
The board is fixed, making every spot finally accessable with collison. The third collision
check is done as well. Thank you Kotsasmin for helping with the collision. I could not
have done it without you.
- NotePro

DATE 12/21/2023
Fixed player blinking and optamised the code a little by only updating how the player looks
when a key is pressed and not durring the rendering process. I am not sure how I will get
the logic for the ghosts to chase the player to work. Nor do I know how I am going to display
them. Hopefully I will not have to redo the rendering process.
- NotePro

DATE 5/29/2024
I am finally getting back into the game. The player is no longer drawn every frame when going
in the same direction and there is no pause for movement. When a direction is pressed, the
player continues in the direction without the key being held down. I am going to try to
create a variable to allow for the player to move easier throughout the board by pressing the
direction that you want to go. When the player is able to go in the desired direction, the
main direction will change causing the player to change direction. I plan to create a
board-wrap and then work on the ghosts for a while. Future plans are stated on the top of the
pacmin.bat file.
- NotePro
